Privacy Policy
 
Privacy Policy

Last updated: 5/28/2020

BMI Calculator ("us", "we", or "our") operates the app BMI Calculator (the "Site"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.

We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

Information Collection And Use

While using our Site, we will not ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name ("Personal Information").

Log Data

We may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this app.

Communications

We don’t collect personal information.

Cookies

Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.

We don’t collect cookies.

Security

The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we have no data of yours anyways.

Changes To This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is effective as of 5/28/2020 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.

We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.

If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at boaboaj@gmail.com.





